WhatEverTrevor Limited welcomes you to whatevertrevor.co.uk, our online football games. These are our terms and conditions for use of the online games, which you may access in several ways, including but not limited to the World Wide Web, PDA, mobile phone and RSS feeds. These terms and conditions apply whenever you access the games, on whatever device.

In these terms and conditions, when we say whatevertrevor.co.uk, we mean these games, regardless of how you access them. By submitting a selection to a game, you are deemed to have accepted these conditions. By completing the initial registration / selection / submit form and by entering your email address, you will be deemed to have accepted these terms and conditions.

If you register with whatevertrevor.co.uk, you should read our privacy policy. If you have registered with us and subsequently change your details, your subscription will be deemed void and your selection will be deleted from our server.

Any changes we make to the terms and conditions will be reflected on this page.

Basic Terms of Service: By using the whatevertrevor.co.uk web site, a service of WhatEverTrevor Ltd. you are agreeing to be bound by the following terms and conditions ("Terms of Use"): You must be 13 years or older to use this site.

You may not use the whatevertrevor.co.uk service for any illegal or unauthorized purpose. International users agree to comply with all local laws regarding online conduct and acceptable content. You must not modify, adapt or hack whatevertrevor.co.uk or modify another website so as to falsely imply that it is associated with whatevertrevor.co.uk.

You must not create or submit unwanted email to any whatevertrevor.co.uk members ("Spam"). You must not transmit any worms or viruses or any code of a destructive nature. You must not, in the use of whatevertrevor.co.uk, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws). You must not maliciously create additional registration accounts for the purpose of abusing the functionality of the site, or other users; nor should you seek to pass yourself off as another user.

Violation of any of these agreements will result in the termination of your whatevertrevor.co.uk account.

While whatevertrevor.co.uk prohibits such conduct and content on its site, you understand and agree that WhatEverTrevor Ltd. cannot be responsible for the Content posted on its web site and you nonetheless may be exposed to such materials and that you use the whatevertrevor.co.uk service at your own risk.

Termination of registration: If we wish to bring the agreement to an end, we will do so by emailing you at the address you have registered stating that the agreement has terminated. The agreement will terminate and your email address will become invalid on whatevertrevor.co.uk immediately.

Expanded terms: You may download and print extracts from the material and make copies of these for your own personal and non-commercial use only. You are not allowed to download or print the material, or extracts from it, in a systematic or regular manner or otherwise so as to create a database in electronic or paper form comprising all or part of the material appearing on whatevertrevor.co.uk.

You must not reproduce any part of whatevertrevor.co.uk or the material or transmit it to or store it in any other website or disseminate any part of the material in any other form, unless we have indicated that you may do so in writing.

Disclaimer of liability To the extent permitted at law, we do not accept any responsibility for any statement in the material. You must not rely on any statement we have published on whatevertrevor.co.uk without first taking specialist professional advice. Nothing in the material is provided for any specific purpose or at the request of any particular person.

For the avoidance of confusion, we will not be liable for any loss caused as a result of your doing, or not doing, anything as a result of viewing or reading to the material or any part of it (except for death or personal injury attributable to our negligence and to the extent permitted at law). We give no warranties of any kind concerning whatevertrevor.co.uk or the material. In particular, we do not warrant that whatevertrevor.co.uk or any of its contents is virus free. You must take your own precautions in this respect as we accept no responsibility for any infection by virus or other contamination or by anything which has destructive properties.

Third party material on whatevertrevor.co.uk. You will see material submitted by third parties on whatevertrevor.co.uk. Individual third parties are solely responsible for the content of material which they submit to us, including ensuring that it complies with relevant legislation. We accept no responsibility for the content of third party material, including, without limitation, any error, omission or inaccuracy therein.

Data protection: Please see our privacy policy for details of how personal data may be processed.

Variations: These terms may be varied from time to time. Please ensure that you review these terms and conditions regularly as you will be deemed to have accepted a variation if you continue to use the site after it has been posted. Details of variations will be posted below.

Force majeure: Although we will do our best to provide constant, uninterrupted access to whatevertrevor.co.uk, we do not guarantee this. We accept no responsibility or liability for any interruption or delay.

Governing law & jurisdiction: This agreement is governed by English law and the parties agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.

The Competitions: Entrants will be informed immediately via a confirmation email whether they have won or not. Entrants must retain the 'verification email' with their winning selection as it may, at the discretion of the WhatEverTrevor Ltd, be required to validate that they have won.

The prizes. Payment may need to be notified to the authorities under Anti-Money Laundering regulations. The winners’ names & counties will be posted online at whatevertrevor.co.uk.

By entering, winners agree that if they win they will participate in any reasonable publicity arranged by WhatEverTrevor Ltd or its agencies. By entering a game entrants confirm that they have read and agree to be bound by these terms & conditions and by the decisions of WhatEverTrevor Ltd, which are final in all matters relating to the game. Failure to do so will result in the forfeiture of the prize. No correspondence will be entered into.

WhatEverTrevor Ltd or its agencies will not be responsible for the non-inclusion of entries as a result of technical failures or otherwise, including any such failure which is within the control of WhatEverTrevor Ltd or its agencies. Proof of submission of entry is not proof of receipt of entry.

WhatEverTrevor Ltd reserves the right at its sole discretion to disqualify any person it finds to be tampering or to have tampered with the operation of the promotion or the whatevertrevor.co.uk, or to be acting in violation of these terms and conditions.

The maximum number of prizes available for each game is one. Multiple winning selections submitted at exactly the same time will share the prize equally. WhatEverTrevor Ltd reserves the right to refuse prize claims that would take the number of prizes that are awarded above this number.

To the full extent permitted by law WhatEverTrevor Ltd will not accept liability for any loss, damage or injury arising from this promotion or the awarding of the prizes or for issues with the prize WhatEverTrevor Ltd reserves the right in its absolute discretion to cancel the promotion without prior notice in the event of circumstances arising beyond its control that make it necessary to do so.

WhatEverTrevor Ltd. Registered at Companies House 06875336 Registered Address: 6 Boleyn Road London N16 8EP
